# Brian's Blog week 8
### The rundown
This week we were able to finish the lambda portion as well as configure some of the ecs instances. One of the things that I worked on this week was that of the ecs tasks. I had to set up task definitions for both the staging site and the productions site. One of the issues that I ran into was that I didn't know I had to specify the ARN group name for the http group. I was able to go into the console and specify the name of the targeted http group that points to the load balancer. I copied the arn group and included it into the target group in the aws service snippet. I ran into another issue as well where the host name path file was not defined correctly this one was rather my fault in that I did not include the full path but luckily Erik was able to help me figure it out. I as well helped Erik with some of the ecs roles specifically configuring the iam service role and with the figuring out the ARN name for the IAM aws ec2 role.

### Future plans
For some reason we were getting an error on the alb response, whenever we end up connecting to our webpages it either takes us to the staging or the production. We are currently configuring the alb part on the services file so that it can point to the correct site that we want to be made publicly. In order to do this we need to have two different groups one for production and the other for staging and we must have the alb redirect the traffic of that of the staging site. At the moment this is the only bug that is in the way of finishing the project.
