## Alex's Blog. Week 8

#### Project 3 ends
Project 3 is over now, despite most pf the difficulties that were encountered.
Docker was supposed to be finished first but we encountered some errors and
delays. Mostly because I was unable to get it working right initially,  other
than installing it on our instances. I spent a lot of time testing it out via
Dockers documentation, which was helpful, but I didn't get the config right, so
other team members stepped in. They had to wait on that portion before they
could move on to the even more difficult stuff such as Lambda. But there were
also issues with ECS tasks, such as issues with file paths, ARN names etc.

#### What lies ahead
From here on out we will be working on our last assignment for now which will be
figuring out how to run a blog in the cheapest way possible. Then we will get to
see what the Comp Sci students projects and or Professors projects are all about.
I like how we will have to seek out projects and market ourselves to the teams
we will be working with. I am going to speak to CSUN SAPS (Student Academic
Progression System) which I am a part of, to see if we can come up with a
proposal for the Senior Design. It may be too late but I think it is worth a
shot since we need some AWS work, such as a sandbox to test our website in. The
challenge will be coming up with something on short notice that will last longer
than a simple sandbox project. This should be doable since SAPS has been working
on the IS departments permission number request site for about a year now, and
it needs to be constantly improved and eventually rolled out to the whole
school and potentially the CSU. I am excited to see if what can be accomplished!
