## Blog 3

#### This week

This week was partly difficult for the fact that I was not familiar with setting up an s3 bucket and learning how terraform worked proved a bit challenging. At the end of this week I was able to install the s3 bucket through a terraform script. Initially I had to read on what an s3 bucket was since I had no idea, I came to learn that it is a great tool so that people can lock each IAM users configurations that when they apply changes to their scripts it wont create multiple copies of what has already been configured such as having another vpc that is not needed. On the script that I created I had to first initialize my access key and secret key so that it could create the bucket called csuneat.

I had to find a way that I could input my credentials without it being visibly read on terraform. To do this I went ahead and created variables that call on a function that ends up assigning a given variable to the key that way it is not visible. The other function is in the same terraform folder but on another file. After being able to create the session to connect to aws console my script ends up going through with creating a bucket called csun eat and applying  a tag and other detailed information. At first before applying the script I went and planned it by running the command this allowed me to preview things that were going to be ran as specified. Next I ran the init command for terraform at first I was a bit lost on what a .tfstate file did but was able to see that it is automatically made when running the init command and it writes to that file the version and many other different things that allow us to remotely work on files within the bucket. In my script so far versioning has been enabled as well as a life cycle. I still need to apply the dynamodb table to finish our s3 bucket.
