## Alex’s Blog. Week 9.

#### Project 4
In week 9, we got a small break from project work although we still had project 4 to do. Project 4 is conceptual and does not require any AWS infrastructure to be created. Our goal is to find the best way to host our blog site and spending the least amount of money possible doing so. There are many ways to go about this and we have chosen a solution that involves Cloudflare, a service that will cache our website thereby reducing the number of requests to our site, which would live in an S3 bucket. Since S3 is our highest cost and data costs can get high easily, Cloudflare is a great option.

#### Presentations
In week 9, our team listened to various groups present their projects to our class. Some of the presentations were from outside parties or should I say potential project stakeholders, others were by professors from the computer science department. In this latter case, the stakeholders are all who participate in the project since the projects themselves aim to enhance CSUN in some way.

Our external project stakeholder was a lawyer who wanted to create a website used for child custody in the event something happens to the parent. She will need a backend database to store forms and client documents. She will need a frontend interface for customers to use. One challenge is ensuring that payment data is not stored on the website, as this would require compliance with heavily regulated payment card industry data security standards regulations. I presume using a third party service such as PayPal might help avoid that issue.

Professor Wiegley and Professor Fitzgerald presented our internal projects. Professor Wiegley’s projects consist of a sprinkler system upgrade and an enterprise level solution using some legacy hardware he procured to create a host of services that other departments can use to make mathematical computations for example. For the sprinkler system upgrade, it seems like most of the work is for computer engineers (circuit cards) and for computer science students (programming the controllers and such). There is little infrastructure need here as proclaimed by Wiegley himself. They will need a database on the backend. The advancing tech project requires many things to get it running but he stated that he would be happy with Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) working properly to authenticate users to the network. This would also restrict access to certain users. This service needs to connect with CSUN’s LDAP directory and is the first step at getting things right. Wiegley stated that the machines themselves are already physically setup and he has remote access to. I would prefer doing the project from scratch; I think many students have not had experience with enterprise level IT hardware, even the simplicity of setting it up. Professor Fitzgerald’s project seemed really cool, interesting and useful. Unfortunately, it seems like it is all programming, which I am not interested in.


We also had a presentation from the information systems department. It was about SAPS, the student academic Progression System. This is a group of students who have greatly improved the permission number request system used by CSUN. They seek to make it even better and roll it out to the whole school. They need a sandbox or two setup for testing of the website. If all goes well that version will go into production. The current version needs to remain in production since it will be used very soon when registration opens. This project also does not have much infrastructure need, but it seems like it has the flexibility for multiple teams to have a go at it.
