## Alex's blog. Week 2.
#### Route 53 & subdomain
For week 2 our team members continued working on their respective parts that they were assigned. I continued to tinker with Route 53 for the setup of our subdomain: blog.fa480.com. I was certain that the hosted zones in AWS were configured properly. We have one zone for the apex domain and one for the subdomain. I reviewed the hosted zones along with some tutorials from Amazon specifying how to set up a subdomain. This led me to believe that the error was with the DNS configuration interface on Name cheap which is where we purchased our domain. I reached out to Tyler for a fresh set of eyes. He made some changes that I had previously tried yet did not realize were good.  I noticed I stopped getting a DNS error page from my internet service provider when attempting to connect to the subdomain. I didn't realize the records were correct because there was no content displayed on the subdomain page when I navigated to it. Tyler informed me that was alright, and he then uploaded the content to the subdomain page which took a little while. Alas, we were done with the subdomain and route53 portions of project 0.
#### Hugo setup
Brian finished setting up Hugo and then Erik was able to deploy it to our web server. Erik chose a design for our web pages and Tyler uploaded the content to the web server. I did some testing to see if our webpage was accessible from various devices (Android and iPhones) and also from various browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Internet Explorer.) There were no issues I found.
#### Finalizing Project 0
Once all the technical stuff was completed and we were satisfied with our creation, we shifted gears to finishing the project and ensuring that we met all the requirements. We created a shared presentation in our shared folder. Tyler chose the formatting and we all entered our respective portions and commented on each other's slides. Initially, we didn't have enough detailed technical information nor visual aids, so we corrected that deficiency. We were all satisfied with our presentations we created the PDF and submitted it. Before class on Thursday, we connected my laptop to a TV outside the classroom and practiced our presentation.
#### Project 1
We received the teacher's email regarding Ansible and Terraform. We all did our research on the two subjects and delegated one task to teams of 2. We feel this divide and conquer strategy will be more efficient. Of course, there are downsides but we will deal with any potential issues as they arise.
